# Software-Security

This file contains the software security report for Artemis Financial. Artemis Financial is a financial consultant company and wanted to develop an application to reach more of their customers. I ran through a manual check of their code for any potential vulnerabilities using a vulnerability assessment process flow diagram and noted each vulnerabitity I found and provided an explanation on what kind it was. The process of working through the vulnerability assessment was challenging due to each one of the seven parts being a little vague. I also ran a Maven dependency checker to find any known vulnerabilities on the dependencies used. Doing checks like these to ensure the software is secure is very important to avoid or reduce the risk of security compromises which can cause data loss, financial loss, and loss of trust by customers. Making sure that software is secure keeps the application productive and allows customers or end users to trust that their communications via the application is secure.

I believe that it is important to regurlarly check your application for any updates available to dependencies used. Keeping these updated help defend against latest compromises against these. If there are any dependencies with known vulnerabilities without a solution, it is best to look for mitigation techniques until a solution is available. 

When checking for vulnerabilities, I ran a test prior to making changes to the code and a test after making changes. This allowed me to see if any vulnerabilities were created during the code changes. The tool used to check for vulnerabiltiies was the Maven dependency checker which is very easy to implement and provides a good amount of resources to refer to for the used dependencies.

If an employer were to ask for examples of work related to this task, I would show them the security report since I think that it provides a good example of being able to summarize the information that I found by analyzing the code itself. This shows that I am able to put this information together in a way that is not too technical and easy to understand or follow.
